some fixes and minor adjustments (#9)
Yilialinn/apisix-website: blog/en/blog/2024/10/21/apisix-integrates-with-open-appsec.md

Alongside the configuration of open-appsec the Web UI allows you to also see much more information like the status of deployed open-appsec agents, security logs, dashboards and
more.

> For instructions on how to connect your deployment to the central WebUI see the open-appsec docs available at [https://docs.openappsec.io](https://docs.openappsec.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to connect your deployment to the central Web UI see the open-appsec docs available at [https://docs.openappsec.io](https://docs.openappsec.io).
```
